in his mother's pouch Danny would have
continuous access to her milk so Simone
feeds him every two hours around the
clock I need to do so if you just hold
the tape and offer it to him
so then head back yeah and then just
offer a little bit of this no sorry
so yeah just aim for them now this
marsupial milk substitute is specially
formulated to be high in fat but lactose
free perfect just like the real thing
[Music]
clean he's a very messy eater so we're
still pretty used to bath yeah but
feeding Danny is not straightforward
marsupial mouths are very delicate so
the teats on the bottles have to be made
of very soft rubber and the milk has to
be left not the most successful feeding
session but that's partly because Danny
is nocturnal koalas spend up to 20 hours
a day sneezing and digesting their food
and are most active in the middle of the
night I've stayed over to see if Danny
is a different character when the lights
go out
he's coming out with five and he's so
it's a way could make some shuffle rows
into Boston he's planned his grand
escape any little man yeah it's very
wakeful isn't he
if Danny's going to be strong enough to
join the bigger females outside he has
to build enough strength in his muscles
to climb trees safely Simone solution
energetic Knightly games of chase with
his teddy
in the wild his mother would tip him out
of the pouch and encourage him to climb
and explore the trees exercise over he
finally gets his prized possession back
now he's nice and relaxed it's time for
another feed Simone has been doing this
regime of feeding and exercise 24 hours
a day for the last six weeks frustration
levels get very high during the night
then you wake up and you see him in the
morning and see his face and it's all
forgiven if Simone can keep up this
demanding schedule Danny should be on
target for the next big step on his
journey back to the wild joining the
other two koalas outside it will be
quite a happy day to that he goes out
into being closer than Winton yeah I
mean obviously it's a it's a huge moment
in his development but also it's a huge
moment for us getting our nights back
but moving outside will be tough no more
night feeds no more teddy and no more
Simone he needs to be resilient enough
both physically and mentally to cope
it's gonna be a huge challenge
you